Fixes on overview & prolog tutorials (#243)
okp4/docs: docs/tutorials/prolog-1.mdx

'
```

## Built-in Prolog predicates within the OKP4 blockchain

> The OKP4 blockchain uses the [ichiban/prolog](https://github.com/ichiban/prolog/) Prolog interpreter. Built-in predicates are listed [here](https://github.com/ichiban/prolog/wiki#predicates). 

Reviewer: The logic module interpreter can manage `ichiban/prolog` built-in predicates and our custom predicates, but their availability is conditioned to the interpreter configuration. For instance, the `halt/1` built-in predicate is not registered in the interpreter, its usage allowing to stop a node.

To get the list of available predicates you can query the logic module parameters:

```sh
okp4d --node "https://api.testnet.okp4.network:443/rpc" \
    query params subspace \
    logic Interpreter -ojson \
    | jq -r '.value | fromjson.registered_predicates[]'
```

⚠️ _It's worth noticing that, in the next version the logic module parameters won't be stored in the `params` module anymore, but directly in the logic module itself, so the query to retrieve them will change. And the configuration will be based on white & black lists of predicates_

Author: That is a very useful command! Text added, thanks :)

#### `consult/1`

> The [`consult(:File)`](https://github.com/ichiban/prolog/wiki#program) predicate has been extended to enable data loading from any smart contract query through the `coswasm` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`consult(:File)`](https://github.com/ichiban/prolog/wiki#program) predicate has been extended to enable data loading from any smart contract query through the `cosmwasm` URI.
```
